Success factors
While discussing online tutoring platform, majority of people will might doubt for the efficiency and effectiveness. It is because face-to-face lectures have been lasting for a long time and have been proved efficient [2]. Hence, this section is intended to discuss those variables and factors that influencing the effectiveness of online tutoring platform [2]. As we know, the main components of educations are participants and medium. In this case, the participants will be instructors and students, while medium will be technology. Herein, the aspects that affects the successfulness of these components needed to be evaluated.

Instructor
Instructors playing an important role in online tutoring platform just as important as normal lecturer in face-to-face lecture. The switching from offline learning to online learning is just the difference in tools and medium. However, these tools still required to be utilized by instructors. Therefore, the attitude of the instructors towards technology is essentially important [1]. The reason of this is because an instructor that has positive attitude towards the online tutoring platform tends to explore more of the platform, utilize the platform better, and even promotes the platform [1]. Through these sequences of actions, the students of this instructor will gain better experiences towards the platform and studies, and results in positive outcomes.
Other than this, the teaching style of the instructors is also unneglectable in ensuring effectiveness of online tutoring platform [1]. Since the students are not listening or studying in class, instructors should try to practice interactive teaching style. It is because the students might found less interesting or bored as they are unable to interact with the instructors. The students might also have off track in certain parts of the lecture or where they are not clear in certain points. Thus, the instructors should practice interactive teaching style and provide method of contact such as online messaging, email or other messaging applications to ensure better teaching styles leads to better students’ experiences [1].
Since online learning required technology and the students might not familiar with it, they might face technical difficulties when using the platform. It is because online learning has students from worldwide and they might have completely different cultures, languages, and behaviours. Therefore, the instructors who have better experience on the platform should provide helps for these students [1]. However, in order for instructors to provide helps, they must first understand the platform back to front.

Student
As we normally defined, students are responsible to learn and gain knowledges. However, there are some key characteristics that online students should pose with compared with lecture students which are self-discipline and prior computer experience [1]. Due to the reason that online students do not being monitored like lecture students, they needed to have self-discipline to ensure that they have enough initiative to study and remain themselves not off the track. In contrast, students that do not posed with basic skills and self-discipline may do better in traditional delivered mode [1].

When every material and assignment goes online, which means when technology comes in between instructors and students, the computer knowledge and experience of students become significant. Students with prior knowledge and experience with computer will feel more comfort dealing with online tutoring platform as they have been using it from time to time [1]. However, it might be challenging for those students without prior experience dealing with computer because they might need to use another effort to learn computer beforehand.

Technology
Technology has brought a lot of changes to our life these days. By using technology, education is advanced to a whole new level which is online learning or e-learning. From technological aspect, there are few key facets to be considered which are reliability, quality and medium richness [1]. In case of reliability, there is a need to ensure that the materials are accessible anytime and anywhere as the materials are located online. Also, the time taken to access the materials, and the time to exchange the materials should be reduced to minimum.

Furthermore, user interface of the online tutoring platform is playing a pivotal role as it is the interface that user dealing when using the platform. Therefore, the quality of the interface is crucial to ensure the user experience and more efficient delivery of education. There are few aspects to be considered when discussing quality of interface which include ease of use, navigation, cognitive load, mapping, screen design, information presentation, aesthetics, and overall functionality [1].

Since we no longer using blackboard and chalks for education, the way of delivering information and knowledge might need significant changes. By using technology, education provided with the abilities to increase the medium richness which means not only plain text. Technology allows the materials to be distributed in text, graphics, audio, and video [1]. In modern technology, the materials can even be distributed in form of virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) [3]. However, appropriate medium is needed to transmit or distribute its related materials. By utilizing the medium richness therefore are able to make the online tutoring platform more interactive and leads to a higher achievement in students learning outcomes [3].

[1] T. Volery and D. Lord, Critical success factors in online education. ResearchGate, 2000, pp. 216-222.

[2] B. Means, Y. Toyama, R. Murphy, M. Bakia and K. Jones, Evaluation of Evidence-Based Practices in Online Learning: A Meta-Analysis and Review of Online Learning Studies, p. 55, 2010.

[3] Hedberg and S. Alexander, Virtual Reality in Education: Defining Researchable Issues. 2006, pp. 214-220.

